Provide some easier instructions along with more detailed descriptions of how to act on the results. (#30)
microsoft/typescript-analyze-trace: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Building

To build, run `npm ci` to download the required packages and `npm run build` to compile.

## Deployment

> To publish a new version of this package, change the version in `package.json` and push to main.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish a new version of this package, change the version in `package.json` and merge the corresponding PR.
```
